Filled question: "What is your total years of experience? " with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your current CTC? (In LPA)" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your expected CTC? (In LPA)" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your notice period? (In days)" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with GitHub?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with SAP ERP?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Worksoft Certify?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of experience into BDD" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Maven?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Notice Period(In Days)?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Secondary Mobile Number" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Ansible?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Git?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many days of notice period do you have?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with pytest?" with value: 8Filled question: "how many years of experience with Appium ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your Notice Period? ( mention 0 if immediate ) " with value: 8
Filled question: "What will be your Expected CTC ? " with value: 8Filled question: "Current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Notice Period(In Days)?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Secondary Mobile Number" with value: 8Filled question: "Current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Notice Period(In Days)?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Secondary Mobile Number" with value: 8Filled question: "Current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Notice Period(In Days)?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Secondary Mobile Number" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have in Salesforce?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have in Automation and its frameworks?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years do you have in Python Automation Testing?" with value: 8Filled question: "Mobile phone number" with value: 8
Filled question: "Email address
Email address
 " with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have as a UI Automation Playwright?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have with C#?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have with BDD?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have with API Automation?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with XML?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Technical Writers?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with API Documentation?" with value: 8Filled question: "What is your notice period (in days)" with value: 8Filled question: "What is your official Notice Period.?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with TestRail?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Zephyr?" with value: 8Filled question: "what is your total experience ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "how many years of experience in Mobile and web testing?" with value: 8
Filled question: "how many years of experience in automation testing ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "In how many days would you be able to join us?" with value: 8
Filled question: "are you serving notice period ?
are you serving notice period ?
 " with value: 8
Filled question: "what is your current salary ?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have in Testing/QA?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your total work experience in Java/Selenium ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Playwright? " with value: 8Filled question: "What is your notice period? Mention in days?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your overal year of exp?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your current ctc?" with value: 8Filled question: "What is your Current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your Notice Period? if serving Please let us know the no.of days left" with value: 8Filled question: "How soon you can join us if offered?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Whats your current/last drawn CTC in Lakhs/Year?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Whats your expected CTC in Lakhs/Year?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Have you gone through the website 'www.superagi.com' before applying?
Have you gone through the website 'www.superagi.com' before applying?
 " with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of experience in software testing do you have?" with value: 8Filled question: "What is your total years of experience ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your current CTC ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your expected CTC ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your notice period ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many year's of experience do you have on Salesforce testing ?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many year's of experience do you have on Automation / Selenium ?" with value: 8Filled question: "What is your current location?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Representational State Transfer (REST)?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of experience you have in Playwright? " with value: 8Filled question: "Total Years of Experience?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How Many Years Experience in Automation Testing Engineer?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How Many Years Experience with Cucumber?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How Many Years Experience in Selenium Java?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your Notice Period?" with value: 8Filled question: "Mobile phone number" with value: 8Filled question: "Please confirm your notice period (7 days, 15 days, 30 days, 60 days)" with value: 8Filled question: "Are you comfortable working on a 6 months contract opportunity?
Are you comfortable working on a 6 months contract opportunity?
 " with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have with Salesforce testing" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have with ADO / JIRA" with value: 8Filled question: "What's your current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What's your expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What's your notice period?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Are you open to working 4 days a week from our Bangalore office?" with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Pyth (Programming Language)?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with FastAPI?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your notice period?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Are you comfortable with sub-contractual role?
Are you comfortable with sub-contractual role?
 " with value: 8Filled question: "Are you interested in joining this long-term contract role?
Are you interested in joining this long-term contract role?
 " with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your current CTC salary in Lakh Per Annum?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your expected CTC salary in Lakh Per Annum (that will have PF, TDS deductions)?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Selenium?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Rest API ?" with value: 8Filled question: "Proficiency in Python and the ability to write a small piece of code." with value: 8Filled question: "Have you worked in a SDLC environment with a product with multiple Change Requests?
Have you worked in a SDLC environment with a product with multiple Change Requests?
 " with value: 8
Filled question: "Have you handled multiple projects at once? If Yes, then how many?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your notice period in days? As we are looking for an immediate joiner for On-site job in our Pune office." with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your annual expected CTC including variable in INR?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How Many years of experience you have as a Automation Tester?" with value: 8Filled question: "City
City" with value: 8
Filled question: "Desired Salary / Expectativa Salarial" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your notice period?
What is your notice period?
 " with value: 8Filled question: "What is your Current CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your Expected CTC?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Have you started serving or already served your Notice period?
Have you started serving or already served your Notice period?
 " with value: 8Filled question: "How many years of work experience do you have with Spring Framework?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your Notice period in days?" with value: 8
Filled question: "What is your expected CTC in LPA?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have in performance testing?" with value: 8Filled question: "Mobile phone number" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many yrs of exp do you have on Automation testing using Selenium" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many yrs of exp do you have on Java" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many yrs of experience do you have on REST API" with value: 8
Filled question: "Do you have exp in an IT Start up or in e-commerce sector" with value: 8Filled question: "What is your official notice period(in days)" with value: 8Filled question: "City
City" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years of experience do you have in relation to the duties and responsibilities of this job?
How many years of experience do you have in relation to the duties and responsibilities of this job?
 " with value: 8Filled question: "How many years do you have experience working in System Integration Testing?" with value: 8
Filled question: "How many years do you have experience working in UAT / User Acceptance Testing?" with value: 8
Filled question: "Do you have experience working in web and mobile application testing in Banking Domain?
Do you have experience working in web and mobile application testing in Banking Domain?
 " with value: 8
Filled question: "How soon can you join us, please give in number of days." with value: 8Filled question: "How soon can you join Twid?" with value: 8